Learning Objectives At the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain to anyone, without the help of Google:

General What is debugging What are some methods of debugging manually How to read the error messages Copyright - Plagiarism You are tasked to come up with solutions for the tasks below yourself to meet with the above learning objectives. You will not be able to meet the objectives of this or any following project by copying and pasting someone else’s work. You are not allowed to publish any content of this project. Any form of plagiarism is strictly forbidden and will result in removal from the program. Requirements General Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 All your files should end with a new line Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl A README.md file at the root of the repo, containing a description of the repository A README.md file, at the root of the folder of this project (i.e. 0x03-debugging), describing what this project is about

Tasks 0. Multiple mains mandatory In most projects, we often give you only one main file to test with. For example, this main file is a test for a postitive_or_negative() function similar to the one you worked with in an earlier C project: Based on the main.c file above, create a file named 0-main.c. This file must test that the function positive_or_negative() gives the correct output when given a case of 0.

You are not coding the solution / function, you’re just testing it! However, you can adapt your function from 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while - Task #0 to compile with this main file to test locally.

You only need to upload 0-main.c and main.h for this task. We will provide our own positive_or_negative() function. You are not allowed to add or remove lines of code, you may change only one line in this task.